The Git Times — Saturday, July 18, 2026
Linux Kernel Maintains Momentum with Security-Focused Updates
Recent commits harden memory safety and improve hardware support for emerging architectures
AI: OpenClaw v2026.7.1 Refines Onboarding and Multi-Platform AI Control
Robotics: Isaac Lab 3.0 Beta 2 Patch 1 Aligns with Isaac Sim 6.0.1 for Stable Sim-to-Real Workflows
Cyber: Infisical adds secretPath return for improved import workflows
Systems: Bun v1.3.14 sharpens startup speed for TSX-heavy React apps
DIY: Stack-chan’s JavaScript Core Enables Hardware Hackers to Code Cute Robots
GameDev: GoZen’s Alpha Milestone: Memory Leak Fix Paves Way for Transitions
"The question concerning technology is never merely technical."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com